## Description

This project is an API built using [Nest](https://github.com/nestjs/nest) and [GraphQL](https://graphql.org/).

It uses TypeORM to connect to a MariaDB database

## Installation

```bash
$ yarn install
```

## Running the app

```bash
# start database
$ make start

# development
$ yarn run start

# stop database
$ make stop
```

## Decisions log

- A database is required to run the API, Docker is used to spin a local instance of MariaDB.
- The code has been organized using an approach based on Domain Driven Design principles.
- To define the schema of the GraphQL server, a `Schema first` approach is used because I like to have the definition
explicitly defined, plus in my opinion it makes it less verbose when you have response objects that don't follow the 
definition than your domain objects.
- The protected endpoint from the `Nft` module can only be accessed when a valid JWT is used. When that is the case,
the user can only list and transfer its own assets.
- There is no unit tests because there is no real domain logic implemented on the application or domain layer. 
Integration tests would be interesting on this solution, but these were not the purpose of this example.

## Possible improvements

With more time, these are some changes I would do on the project:
- Would try to configure the GraphQL so the autogenerated classes and interfaces would be inside each module's folder.
Makes it easier to import generated types, and it keeps everything more closely coupled.
- Would add validation in the data that comes from the GraphQL payload.
- Would add integration tests to verify the behavior on the repositories and application services.
